now does that look good or what
that looks good to me today on how to
fix on a wood I'm gonna show you how to
make it initiating to startup sequence
hey I'm tool dude Tony
everybody eats right ok well I think
everybody also likes to eat breakfast
sandwiches and today on how to fix 101
I'm going to show you how to make a
breakfast sandwich that'll blow
McDonald's Burger King away we're gonna
start out today with little lenders
bagels these bad boys are great they
stay fresh in your refrigerator for a
couple of weeks they're good I like the
onion flavor myself gives a little extra
zing to it get yourself some eggs I like
the medium ones they you know just make
sure you don't get the kind of
Salmonella that you'll be ok now the
kicker to this whole thing is I get
these bacon and sausage breakfast
patties that our butcher in town here
makes super lean super great flavor
that's pretty much all you need make
sure you cook the crap out of the sauce
alright let's get this thing started so
again yeah yeah I'm in my sonís kitchen
yes - don't have things done in here
with help go alright first pre-heat
stove it's close up fill it this up
sausage patties frozen sores get that
thing started to help with sausage help
the sausage go I'm going to go ahead and
put a pan lid over the top of it kind of
seals in the heat sort of steams it like
that hand motion yeah all right well
while that's going let's start a little
low butter this will be where we cook
the egg right here
turn this down run a little hot you
don't want to cook it that bad dick
right now butter oh yeah what I'm
talking about turn it down a little more
pull it together
so it's a bagel size with that bad boy
cook a little salt half my RV season
salt shaker I don't know where that came
from
I think I got it off a garage sale yeah
that's it they don't make these anymore
just salt
okay now that's cookin we talked about
these lenders bagels go ahead and get
that opened up in the toaster okay this
is my this yeah this is my new Hamilton
Beach toaster got this at Menards for 20
bucks looked at a bunch of reviews on
toasters put the bagels in it's got a
pop it down it's got a bagel setting I
like mine about right there all right
well let that cook that'll be fine yeah
I nearly forgot the best part gotta have
cheese
I like the Sargento sharp cheddar sharp
gives it an extra bite it's pre sliced I
mean who doesn't get free slow yeah it's
not individually wrapped but it's worth
it oh yeah that's what I'm talking about
all right pull the edges up a little bit
put it on top of your egg chute let it
melt
take a look at this sausage oh yeah see
now that's brown nicely on this side
flip that Brown up some more while a
sake and the bagels cooking now this
stuff looks done to me I'm calling it
good get steamed there that's great yeah
nicely charred a little bit perfect egg
nicely done cheese is melted bagel
should be about done here yeah that
bagel looks good okay alright so here we
go get the bagel put that sausage on
there mmm look at that it's just the
right size these guys know how to make
it now you can use the slice of ham you
can use some lunch meat you could even
put a slice of salami on there if you
wanted to I bet you there's some guys
you put some jerk chicken on here and
that would be good all right so here's
what it's looking like
so just stack it up cheese is all melted
pop your top that's it so take care have
a great day and remember if you're not
doing it you're paying somebody else to
do it so get out there and through it
you know if you put a little uh coconut
flavored rum in your orange juice even
better and it goes great with these
breakfast bagel sandwiches here we go
that's what I'm talking about yeah third
day tool dude Tony out